fix(curriculum): acknowledge tracebacks in cipher project (#54724)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/07-scientific-computing-with-python/learn-string-manipulation-by-building-a-cipher/6553f4f66099802c6ae94613.md

---
id: 6553f4f66099802c6ae94613
title: Step 53
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-53
---

# --description--

> Restore the `caesar()` function call.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Right now, your code can't execute because the `caesar` function is defined with two parameters (`message` and `offset`) but it is called without *arguments*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Right now, your code raises a `TypeError`, because the `caesar` function is defined with two parameters (`message` and `offset`), therefore it expects to be called with two *arguments*.

Calling `caesar()` without the required arguments stops the execution of the code.
```

---
id: 6553f4f66099802c6ae94613
title: Step 53
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-53
---

# --description--

> Right now, your code raises a `TypeError`, because the `caesar` function is defined with two parameters (`message` and `offset`), therefore it expects to be called with two *arguments*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, uncomment your `caesar()` call. You'll see that your code raises a `TypeError`, because the `caesar` function is defined with two parameters (`message` and `offset`), therefore it expects to be called with two *arguments*.
```

You should pass `text` and `shift` as the arguments to your function call by including them inside the parentheses. Don't forget to separate the arguments with a comma.

```js
assert.match(code, /^caesar\s*\(\s*text\s*,\s*shift\s*\)/m)
```

> Your code contains invalid syntax and/or invalid indentation.

Reviewer: We might consider to get rid of those final tests that run the code and substitute them all, but I would focus on the instructions for now.

})
```

> 

Reviewer: Considering the previous step, `caesar()` should be commented out in the seed.

    print('plain text:', message)
    print('encrypted text:', encrypted_text)
--fcc-editable-region--

> # caesar()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
caesar()
```
